Add Promscale install using package cloud and refactor install layout (#1228)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/rhel-centos.md

import PromscaleConnector from 'versionContent/_partials/_promscale-connector.mdx';

# Install Promscale on Red Hat or CentOS
You can install Promscale on a Red Hat or CentOS system, if you have an
already installed and working Prometheus or OpenTelemetry environment.

## Install TimescaleDB and the Promscale extension
To use Promscale, you need a TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale
extension. The Promscale extension contains support functions to improve
performance of Promscale.

<procedure>

### Installing TimescaleDB and the Promscale extension

1.  Install TimescaleDB following the instructions in the
    [TimescaleDB install page][tsdb-install-self-hosted]
1.  Install the Promscale extension:
    ```
    yum install promscale-extension-postgresql-14
    ```    

</procedure>

> ## Install the Promscale connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install the Promscale Connector
```

<PromscaleConnector />
   ```bash

>       yum install promscale

Reviewer: This instructions will not work if the user installs the Connector in a different host because we not telling anywhere they have to set up the package repos. We'll have to add those instructions here somehow.

> # Install Promscale on Redhat or CentOS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Install Promscale on Red Hat or CentOS
```

> You can install Promscale on Redhat or CentOS system where you have an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install Promscale on a Red Hat or CentOS system, if you have an
```

already installed and working Prometheus or OpenTelemetry environment.

> ## Install TimescaleDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install TimescaleDB and the Promscale extension
```

> To use with Promscale you need TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Promscale, you need a TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale
```

extension. The Promscale extension contains support functions to improve
performance of Promscale.

> <procedure>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

<procedure>
```

> ### Installing TimescaleDB and Promscale extension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installing TimescaleDB and the Promscale extension
```

1.  Install TimescaleDB following the instructions in the
    [TimescaleDB install page][tsdb-install-self-hosted]

> 1.  Install Promscale extension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Install the Promscale extension:
```

    ```

>     yum install -y promscale-extension-postgresql-14

Reviewer 2: It's not very good practice to tell people to override safety questions in command prompts, even if we all know we do it 😉 

```suggestion
    yum install promscale-extension-postgresql-14
```

    ```
    
</procedure>

## Install the Promscale connector
The Promscale connector understands PromQL queries natively and fetches data
from TimescaleDB to execute them, while SQL queries go directly to TimescaleDB.
After you install TimescaleDB and Promscale extension, install Promscale
connector.

<procedure>

1.  Install Promscale connector
    ```bash
    yum install promscale
    ```

> </procedure>

Reviewer 2: Same comments as ☝️ 

Also, possible a candidate for a snippet?
